Add links to vector database page (#3071)
opensearch-project/project-website: _redesign_use_cases/search-vector-database.markdown

feature_area_category_name: Search
feature_area_solution_name: Vector Database
how_to_get_started: 

>   - 'You can begin exploring OpenSearch&apos;s vector database functionality by exploring <a href="https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/vector-search/" target="_blank">Vector search</a> in our documentation. To learn more or start a discussion, join the Slack channel or check out our user forum and follow our blog for the latest on OpenSearch tools.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'You can get started with OpenSearch&apos;s vector database functionality by exploring <a href="https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/vector-search/" target="_blank">Vector search</a> in our documentation. To learn more or to start a discussion, join our public Slack channel, check out our user forum, and follow our blog for the latest on OpenSearch tools and features.'
```

>   - 'You can begin exploring OpenSearch&apos;s vector database functionality by exploring <a href="https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/vector-search/" target="_blank">Vector search</a> in our documentation. To learn more or start a discussion, join the Slack channel or check out our user forum and follow our blog for the latest on OpenSearch tools.'

Reviewer: The first sentence would read better as "by exploring our vector search documentation." Also, let's add links to the Slack channel, the user forum, and the blog. Thanks!
